blog post for rosworld 2020 with videos (#528)
ros-planning/moveit.ros.org: _posts/2020-11-24-ros-world-2020.md

---
author: Alex Goldman
comments: false
date: 2020-11-24
layout: post
title: MoveIt at ROS World 2020 Recap
media_type: image
media_link: /assets/images/blog_posts/rosworld_2020.png
description: The MoveIt session at ROS World 2020 is available to watch.
categories:
- ROS
- ROS World
- MoveIt
---

> Members of the MoveIt community lead a virtual session at ROS World 2020. ROS World brought together almost 2000 roboticists, developers, engineers and students for a day of technical talks, tutorials and networking.  If you missed the MoveIt World 2020 session, you can watch it on [youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ku-G77a9IpE&list=PL2V08eX0CdgC80q2EMPGZU_Bgzun7z1J_) or see all six parts below. Videos include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members of the MoveIt community have lead a virtual session at ROS World 2020. ROS World brought together almost 2000 roboticists, developers, engineers and students for a day of technical talks, tutorials and networking.  If you missed the MoveIt World 2020 session, you can watch it on [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ku-G77a9IpE&list=PL2V08eX0CdgC80q2EMPGZU_Bgzun7z1J_) or see each of the six parts below. Videos include:
```
